About Voting
About
Voting is a method for a group, such as a meeting or an electorate, in order to
make a collective decision or express an opinion usually following discussions,
debates or election campaigns. Democracies elect holders of high office by
voting. Residents of a place represented by an elected official are called
"constituents", and those constituents who cast a ballot for their chosen
candidate are called "voters", There are different systems for collecting votes,
but while many of the systems used in decision-making can also be used as
electoral systems, any which cater for proportional representation can only be
used in elections.






About
Online voting systems are software plotforms used to securely conduct votes and elections. As a digital plotform, they eliminate the need to cast your votes using paper or having to gather in person. They also protect the integrity of your vote by preventing voters from being able to vote multiple times. Many secure voting plotform vendors provide supportive vote management consulting services that help organizations design and implement their voting procedures. These services help organizations save time, stick to best practices, and meet internal requirements and/or external regulations such as third-party vote administration needs.

Who can benefit from them?
The short answer is: Anyone who makes decisions. Consistent, structured decision- making needs span across organization types and industries. Individuals in organizations ranging from award shows, to law firms, to corporations, to schools will find value in online voting. Simply put - if a group of people needs to make a decision , and that requires input from others, an online voting system will be of value.
* maintains your vote's integrity 
* provides an easy vote administrator experience 
* creates a pleasant experience for your voters
* has mechanisms for adapting to unique votes
* includes analytics, reporting, and auditing capabilities

